[Music]
good morning it's ravie and today I
thought I would do another vlog I feel
like I haven't vlogged her a very long
time it's the last day of June it's the
30th of June so I actually wake up quite
late I wake up at 8 it's cool to 9 just
grabbing myself some tea so I can go and
have my morning standup
so every morning I have got a slack
meeting wound illogical active with
which is an organization I work with
[Music]
okay so 1907 and I've just finished the
morning stand-up but I have every
morning got another call at 10:00 and I
still need to plan for that I've some
things I need to go over before it so
I'm gonna get that done and then I'm
gonna go downstairs and get myself some
records also this tea is so good it's
the lean green matcha machine from
Parker
[Music]
so this morning for lunch I made myself
some nice cream I like to make this for
my parents me every morning today I just
had a really simple banana and spinach
one which is why it was green and I
always loved to eat it out of my coconut
ball
[Music]
after breakfast I frozen bananas because
these are the base of all of the nice
creams so I just froze
full bananas that were starting to go
bright then I got myself another cup of
tea this is a wonderful tumeric tea I
really recommend it it's definitely the
best tumeric tea I've tried okay it's
now nearly 10 o'clock and I've got my
second meeting of the day this is to do
with something for pumpkin productivity
I've got myself another mug of tea tea
number two you this mug you're probably
wondering why I decided to use a
separate mug when I have one that I
could have just continued using I love
this mug so much and I wanted to show
you because a viewer actually made this
for me he has a pottery shop cool plate
and pottery his name's Archie and he
makes all of these handmade pieces and
this mug is just so beaut I love it so
much
[Music]
after my cool I did a few of the
follow-up tasks I was meant to do and I
actually also did a little bit of work
on editing at the book that I finished
recently okay I finished my coolness
eleven o'clock so I don't have any more
calls for the day so I'm first we're
going to just apply to my emails because
they haven't replied to them since the
day and I came with my emails for a few
days as I said here I was answering
emails I'm not a big fan of answering
emails I've got to say I'm really glad
that I took Friday as well as the
weekend of my emails because it was nice
to have that long break so now 12:20 and
I am about to film the video I've just
spent a while planning one I'm going to
be reading the fire signs of my fifty
favorite books so I'm gonna film that
now so here as I said I was filming a
video I was just filming the first 50
lines of my favorite books I am really
excited for this video it's one that I
wanted to do for ages I've been filming
for an hour now and I'm not quite
finished I've got just a few more books
to record but I am hungry so I'm gonna
go dance doesn't get some lunch so I
said a quick falutin Largo and I let her
outside because she was planning to go
out
I never know what I want to eat lunch
and so I spent ages looking for it
through the fridge and cupboard looking
for something that I fancy and that's
why my lunches always are so random I
lunches are always super random today
I've got edamame beans this leftover
like chili from last night sweet
potatoes tomatoes rye toast and then
this is a homemade be true him as I made
yesterday too
I've also got myself some more tea this
is a energy tea from the match reserve
after lunch I went into the snug and I
wanted to finish my book I didn't have
very long left of my book I only had 30
or 40 pages laughter 20,000 Leagues
Under the Sea
so I finished that and I also got myself
a snack
these are the best crisps ever after
finishing my book I emptied the
dishwasher okay I just finished my book
20,000 Leagues Under the Sea
it was really good I did enjoy it was
very dated like this but you definitely
could tell it had been written in the
late 19th century I did a bad not a good
way I've got my other mug if you're
wondering this one's from Sperrys nest
ceramics it's a friend of a friend who
owned this company and all of the
designs are inspired by Cornish
seascapes actually oh I'm gonna give you
your mug collection because people
always ask to see my mother collection
and I always forget to do it and I'm
like oh I'll do it another time
no better time than the present I'm
gonna show you all of the mugs I own I
will balance your on top of the compost
bin I actually own a lot of mugs as you
didn't quite order to you I really enjoy
tea this whole cupboard is filled with
tea and coffee so initially when Emma
Bridgewater Smuts fast because there the
name
that I have this pumpkin one says Ruby
on it this one's my favorite it's a
potable mug this was a special edition
one that came out in 2018 to celebrate
100 years of female suffrage so this was
an 18th birthday present from my mom's
friend Serena this one is the winter
animals at night smug this one has got a
really pretty Daisy print on this is the
London Christmas mug it's your lovely
regent street lights her finally this is
the bonfire night Emma bridgewater ma go
down in tons of other mugs this Harry
puts one that says study like Granger
eat like Weasley live like Potter this
was a school evening present for my
headmistress this next one is a heat
changing mug basically when you add hot
water
it shows the marauders map final Harry
Potter mug is this Gryffindor official
one I've got a children or maggots mug
which is of course inspired by Matilda
musical this is probably my oldest mug I
have big tomato company and my sister my
mom my dad might each have one wine
textbook qualm omits this mug was from
my sister it's got like a nice
constellation print on and then I've got
a plain white mug this used to have a
toadstool head on it but the total head
smashed so yeah I've still got it though
because I like it's nice to have just a
plain white box and then I've got the
tea that you raised in this video which
everything
[Music]
I did some uncle exercises whilst
watching these master classes I am
really enjoying this on my subscription
and very soon so I'm just trying to make
the most of it and of course I went and
got myself another mug of tea do I drink
too much tea no I think it's impossible
to you this is a great tea it's caffeine
free all grey and I always love to top
this off with some almond milk I was
doing a lot of random research into
octopuses as well so this is a button a
clay button key I made the other day
it's not very good but I'm going to
paint it black because it's meant to be
like the one even I'm just hoping that
will brush over all the edges when it's
painted so it won't look so bad
I painted my little Coraline key and I
also painted this man in a storm and I
you look pretty mum just dyed her hair
look and it's used to your top it'll
goes together so mum to help me film a
book clerk can you tell from my outfit
that it was Peter and Wendy
now mums making us watch an episode of a
TV show she's liking at the moment and
as her racing tomorrow I'm just editing
the book you're just filming mum Martha
and I just watched an episode of this
show called the other one which my mum's
watching at the moment and she thinks is
really good so she knows the first
episode and it was pretty funny I
probably won't watch the whole series
but it was fun to watch birth mug of the
day this is from the English tea shop
it's the comfort me one and I haven't
tried this before I got this as a free
sample single one and it is pretty good
I'm gonna edit the book look that I
filmed Wendy Wendy when you are sleeping
in your silly bed you might be flying
about with me saying funny things to the
stars
you just think the lovely wonderful
thoughts Peter explained and they lift
you up into the air okay I finished
editing the book book and I also eat
dinner with my family now I'm doing some
of master Koth
a platform I have a subscription to you
and you basically learn from
professionals and I've just got this on
walls of editing's and videos what
Instagram everything I filmed today and
you so much for watching this day in the
life I hope you enjoyed watching it and
I hope that you have a productive week
[Music]